Docs: restructure Cluster Mesh scaling section (#30582)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/network/clustermesh/clustermesh.rst

 * Helm option ``--set clustermesh.maxConnectedClusters=511``
 * ``cilium install`` option ``--set clustermesh.maxConnectedClusters=511``

.. note::

>    This option controls the bit allocation of numeric identities and will affect the maximum number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``MaxConnectedClusters`` controls the bit allocation of numeric identities and will affect the maximum number
```
non-blocking suggestion to make the note easier to read
